## About
Collection of various script, tools and random writings about my early researches on the Scarlet/Violet games. 
They're not meant to be polished products for users, so I won't give support in setup/install/use etc.
If you're interested in my work and want to discuss it, feel free to ping me on discord #SkyLink98#5946

## Credits
[PKHeX](https://github.com/kwsch/PKHeX) with all its devs and contributors for the awesome freamwork. 

[Pokefinder](https://github.com/Admiral-Fish/PokeFinder) with all its devs and contributors for being an important and learningful resource.

## SVSaveBlockDecryptor
This is a very simple program that calls the PKHeX.Core functionalities to dump the save file blocks.
Notably, the tool will extract Pokémons from Boxes, Party and what I beleive being the Overworld block.
The tool also creates a Raid block dump. From there we can analyze the raids seeds.

## SVXoroCalc
This program implements the Xoroshiro used by the Scarlet/Violet games for Raids.
While we can not predict advances for legit RNG manipulations (thanks Anubis for the confirmation!), the tool still offer some interesting functionalities:
* Calculates the resulting raid Pokémon EC/PID/Stats given a Seed
* Compute a seed that will result in a Shiny Pokémon
* Check legality of Pokémon caught in raids

**N.B**: The SVXoroCalc features as well as a lot of other functionalities have been implemented in [Tera-Finder](https://github.com/Manu098vm/Tera-Finder).

## SVRaidParser
This is a script that uses [pkNX](https://github.com/kwsch/pkNX) libraries to create human-readable JSON data from Event Raid flatbuffers.
This is used to build the JSONs in the [Pporg Event Gallery](https://github.com/projectpokemon/EventsGallery).
Event Raid data can be obtained by extracting the binaries from the save file with SVSaveBlockDecryptor or from [BCAT](https://github.com/Manu098vm/bcat_updates).

## Random writings
Exactly what the name tells. Collection of short writings I noted during my early tests/experiments/researches.

## Ram Pointers
Txt file with some RAM Pointers I found. They can be used with sys-botbase or noexes clients.
* Pointer to the Party
* Pointer to Box 1 Slot 1
* Pointer to the Raids block

## Shiny Cheats
Txt file with some cheats that should work for both Scarlet and Violet v1.0.1.

While writing these cheats was never one of my goals, I ended up with this while working on understanding the game code and studying the RNG mechanics.

[Always PidType2 (Everything Always Shiny)] -> This will completely disable the Shiny Lock by forcing the PidType4 condition, and forces the "Always Shiny" condition (PidType 2) for all the Pokémon generated by the game.

[Force reroll for Xoroshiro-PidType3 (Raids Always Shiny)] -> This will disable the "rolls++" statement during the Xoroshiro-PidType3 (Random Shiny) code block. This makes the PID to be rerolled until it gets Shiny.

Do note that those cheats will make Raid Pokemon to be correctly seen as illegal by some legality checker programs.

N.B: Updates for new game versions for those cheats are available in the [GBATemp thread](https://gbatemp.net/threads/pokemon-scarlet-violet-cheat-database.621563/).